Update link to PMIx Gov PDF and add LANL as ASC member (#14)
pmix/governance: README.md

Rules used by the Administrative Steering Committee (ASC) for the PMIx Standard.

>  * Current version of the [The PMIx Standard Governance Rules](https://github.com/pmix/governance/releases/tag/v1.2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Current version of the [The PMIx Standard Governance Rules](https://github.com/pmix/governance/releases/latest)
```

Author: Good idea. I didn't know about the `latest` tag.
